Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cs-520-week-1-assignment
<br>
You are strongly encouraged to add comments throughout the program. Doing so will help your facilitator to understand your programming logic and grade you more accurately.You must work on your assignments individually. You are not allowed to copy the answers from the others. However, you are encouraged to discuss approaches to the homework assignment with your section mates and the facilitator in your section via the discussion board.Each assignment has a strict deadline. However, you are still allowed to submit your assignment within 2 days after the deadline with a penalty. 15% of the credit will be deducted unless you made previous arrangements with your facilitator and professor. Assignments submitted 2 days after the deadline will not be graded.The assignment solution will be available 48 hours after the assignment deadline. When the term lastName is referenced in an assignment, please replace it with your last name.You are strongly encouraged to add comments into your program.Our bank ATM stores the money in the following denominations – hundreds, fifties, twenties, tens, fives, twos, and ones. The bankhas the following policy. When a customer withdraws money, the ATM dispenses the amount using the maximum bills from the highest to the lowest denominations. For example, if the customer requests an amount of 293, the ATM dispenses 2 hundreds, 1 fifties, 2 twenties, 1 twos, and 1 ones.Create a new Java Project in Eclipse named HW1_lastName and complete the following requirements:Create a package named cs520.hw1Create a class named Banking under the above package with the main method.The code in the main method should do the following:Prompt the user for a string input value for the amount in dollars and store it in a variable named input.Convert the string to an integer and store it in the variable named amount. You can assume that the user enters a valid integer number.Print the converted integer value to the console.Using a single statement, declare the integer variables named hundreds, fifties, twenties, tens, fives, twos, and ones.Declare another integer variable named remainingAmount.Compute the hundreds and the remainingAmount. Print the information to the console.Compute the fifties and the remainingAmount. Print the information to the console.Compute the twenties and the remainingAmount. Print the information to the console.Compute the tens and the remainingAmount. Print the information to the console.Compute the fives and the remainingAmount. Print the information to the console.Compute the twos and the remainingAmount. Print the information to the console.Compute the ones. Print the information to the console.xiii. Using a message dialog, show the summary of the above values to the user. See the sample input and output below.Sample Input:Sample Console Output:Sample Dialog Output:Submission:Create an archive of your Eclipse project using the following steps. Select the HW1_lastName project in the Eclipse IDE’s Package Explorer or the Navigator window.Click File-Export. Select the General-Archive File option. Click Next.Specify the “To archive file:” entry as say, C:TempHW1_lastName.zip.The zip file will be created and stored in the C:Temp folder.Submit this zip file as an attachment in the Assignment Section of Vista.Find attached for solution